# **Assembler HTTP API Handler**

The goal of this project is to make a GET request to a specified URL using assembly language and obtain the response in a text document, which is then displayed in the browser.

This project works with ***Movie Database***.

---

The program is written in **MASM** and takes a _URL_ link as input from the user. It uses the **WinInet** library to make a GET request to the specified _URL_ and writes the response to a text document.

A ***Node.js*** server using *Express.js* is used to handle GET and POST requests to a specific route. The server accepts a URL input via a POST request and the assembly program is executed to make a GET request to the provided URL. The program is started and the URL is inserted using the search.bat script.

The `search.bat` script performs the following tasks:

- Launches the program
- Waits for 3 seconds
- Inserts the URL into the program
- Runs the PowerShell script temp.ps1 to simulate user input
- Deletes the temp.ps1 file

The server reads the text document generated by the assembly program and returns its content as a response to GET requests.

The client-side is built using React and includes a form that sends a POST request to the server with the specified URL. After that, the client sends a GET request to the server to retrieve the response generated by the assembly program.

---

## Libraries and Tools
MASM Assembler
Server: Node.js, Express.js
Client: React.js, axios, router-dom

## How to Run

To run the project, execute the following commands:

- `yarn dev`  for the client
- `node index.js`  for the server

Alternatively, run the `start.bat` script which will start both the client and the server, and open the browser to http://localhost:5173/.

**If you need a fully working project, you can unzip assembler-api-handler.zip and paste your api key into the env file.**
